README.md, before:

# Make Your Choice
[![Ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/support_me_through_ko--fi-F16061?style=for-the-badge&logo=kofi&logoColor=f5f5f5)](https://ko-fi.com/kylo)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/join_my_discord_server-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=f5f5f5)](https://discord.gg/mH7vgCEFWq)
[![Codeberg](https://img.shields.io/badge/star_on_codeberg-2185D0?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeberg&logoColor=f5f5f5)](https://codeberg.org/ky/make-your-choice/stars)


Make Your Choice is a server region changer for Dead by Daylight. It allows you to play on any server of choice.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/0oTcfwz.png" alt="Main">


# Download
The program is available for free on the [Releases tab](https://codeberg.org/ky/make-your-choice/releases). Please make sure your system supports the software. Make Your Choice supports all Windows operating systems that DbD has ever offered support for. 

## Supported Systems
- Windows 7 (SP1)
- Windows 8 & 8.1
- Windows 10
- Windows 11

Linux support is on its way in version 2.0!

# Screenshots
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/wyNJ7HO.png" alt="Main" height="400"> <img src="https://i.imgur.com/J2pI1sy.png" alt="Main" height="400">  
*Screenshots taken on Windows 10 with a Windows 7 skin.*

# UAC Popup & SmartScreen Alert
The application needs to be run with [administrator permissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/application-security/application-control/user-account-control/) to ensure the hosts file can be edited. Since I don't want to pay Microsoft a fee for getting this free application signed, you will be met with a prompt to trust the unknown developer.

The UAC Popup appears on Windows Vista and newer.  
The SmartScreen Alert only appears on Windows 8 and newer.  


# Repository
I believe everyone has the right to know exactly what kind of code they are running on their machines. This is why the code is available to the public. Please refer to the usage details below for more information.

# Usage
Personal Use License  
© 2025 https://codeberg.org/ky

You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to: 
- Download and run the software for personal use only.

You MAY NOT:
- Distribute, sell, rent, or sublicense this software or any portion thereof.
- Modify, adapt, or create derivative works of the software.

All rights not expressly granted are reserved.

Commit message:

Update README with migration note from Codeberg
Added a note about the repository's migration from Codeberg to GitHub.

README.md, after:

> [!NOTE] 
> This repository was previously hosted on Codeberg and has been moved to GitHub on December 17, 2025.  
> You are currently on the new repository, no action is required.  
> ↳ [Visit the old repository](https://codeberg.org/ky/make-your-choice).

# Make Your Choice
[![Ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/support_me_through_ko--fi-F16061?style=for-the-badge&logo=kofi&logoColor=f5f5f5)](https://ko-fi.com/kylo)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/join_my_discord_server-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=f5f5f5)](https://discord.gg/mH7vgCEFWq)
[![Codeberg](https://img.shields.io/badge/star_on_codeberg-2185D0?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeberg&logoColor=f5f5f5)](https://codeberg.org/ky/make-your-choice/stars)


Make Your Choice is a server region changer for Dead by Daylight. It allows you to play on any server of choice.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/0oTcfwz.png" alt="Main">


# Download
The program is available for free on the [Releases tab](https://codeberg.org/ky/make-your-choice/releases). Please make sure your system supports the software. Make Your Choice supports all Windows operating systems that DbD has ever offered support for. 

## Supported Systems
- Windows 7 (SP1)
- Windows 8 & 8.1
- Windows 10
- Windows 11

Linux support is on its way in version 2.0!

# Screenshots
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/wyNJ7HO.png" alt="Main" height="400"> <img src="https://i.imgur.com/J2pI1sy.png" alt="Main" height="400">  
*Screenshots taken on Windows 10 with a Windows 7 skin.*

# UAC Popup & SmartScreen Alert
The application needs to be run with [administrator permissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/application-security/application-control/user-account-control/) to ensure the hosts file can be edited. Since I don't want to pay Microsoft a fee for getting this free application signed, you will be met with a prompt to trust the unknown developer.

The UAC Popup appears on Windows Vista and newer.  
The SmartScreen Alert only appears on Windows 8 and newer.  


# Repository
I believe everyone has the right to know exactly what kind of code they are running on their machines. This is why the code is available to the public. Please refer to the usage details below for more information.

# Usage
Personal Use License  
© 2025 https://codeberg.org/ky

You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to: 
- Download and run the software for personal use only.

You MAY NOT:
- Distribute, sell, rent, or sublicense this software or any portion thereof.
- Modify, adapt, or create derivative works of the software.

All rights not expressly granted are reserved.
